Date: Thu, 3 Feb 2000 15:57:25 -0500 (EST) From: Sean Luke <seanl@cs.umd.edu>To: support@peanutpress.comcc: sweyer@bellatlantic.netSubject: Peanut Press on the Newton -- an offer MIME-Version: 1.0The Newton Messagepad community has recently made a lot of noise about the possibility of getting Peanut Press books available for the Newton MessagePad. As you have not produced a Newton book reader for Peanut Press books yet, I am contacting you with a suggestion for how this can be done for relatively little effort on your part; certainly the Newton community will add to your sales significantly as a result. I understand that your business model may require you to keep your encoding format relatively secret; I still think an NDA can be worked out. At any rate, getting the Newton development community involved in producing a freeware bookreader for your texts can only help your sales! So here goes.The Newton has a standard "book" format read by an internal bookreader called CopperField. It is an extensive format, permitting pictures, arbitrary text placement, fonts, complex pagination, hyperlinks, different page sizes, you name it. By using this format, you can provide Peanut Press books to the entire Newton community. There are three feasible ways of producing these books in readable format for a Newton. First, a former Apple Macintosh software product called Newton Press will convert a number of text formats into Newton books with relatively little trouble. These books can then be downloaded into the Newton. Newton Press can be scripted with AppleScript; in fact one web site provides Newton Press versions of over 600 books automatically generated over the web through AppleScript. Newton Press is discontinued, but you might try out a copy at http://newtoncage.webjump.com/, and then contact Apple about the possibility of arranging this. Second, a major software for the developer, Steve Weyer, sells a very popular Newton web browser and bookmaker called Newt's Cape. The Newton has TCP/IP capabilitity -- Newt's Cape downloads HTML files and converts them into Newton Books directly on the Newton. Steve has recently extended Newt's Cape to parse Palm Pilot "DOC" files as well, converting them into Newton Books. The advantage of this approach is that Steve only needs to know the format of your .pdb files, and he can write a parser to convert it for you. The disadvantage of this approach is that Newt's Cape has limited memory capacity, and many of your books may not be directly parseable on the Newton. Newt's Cape can be found at http://members.bellatlantic.net/~sweyer/newton/newtscape.htm Third, you might consider working with one of a large number of Newton developers who can help you automatically generate Newton Book packages on a Mac or UNIX box with Java or C code or whatnot. The package format is well understood and public domain. This approach would allow you to provide Newton Book formats of your texts directly to the Newton community, either uploaded to the Newton from a Macintosh or PC, or downloaded from your site directly into the Newton via Newt's Cape (which can download and install packages directly from web sites). Please consider supporting Newton users in addition to your Windows CE and Pilot users. The Newton community is still surprisingly large and has a heavy dose of developers eager to take on a project like this, and also of hard-core dedicated users who will, I am sure, respond by gratefully showering you with purchases.Thanks very much,Sean Lukeseanl@cs.umd.edu