Date: Tue, 15 Dec 1998 12:04:52 -0500To: "Ray Rischpater, KF6GPE" <dove@lothlorien.com> From: Steve Weyer <sweyer@bellatlantic.net> Subject: Re: NH plugin APICc:Bcc:X-Attachments:>You'd want to create a viewer. Given a bit of finagling, I could probably hunt up some source as an example at the office. I don't have anything handy at the moment, but I could find it in short order. any info appreciated.>I'd suggest using the JPEG parser you've got to go to a Newton bitmap frame. That would be very cool. You don't need to worry about creating stashers; the sample I can dig out shows how to use the standard sample to stuff your stuff into the NetHopper cache. You'll want to use a VBO for the image in that case; I can't recall now what happens if you use heap space, but you're probably not doing that for images in any case. yep, the resulting bitmap has its binary data in VBO so heap should be ok. if there's a way then to put directly into NetHopper cache, that would be great. would existing NH bitmap viewer (is that what it uses for converted/cached GIFs?) work not only to display standalone JPEG URL, but also inline in an HTML doc? I guess I'm still a little confused on terminology -- would my "viewer" be a separate view that displayed a Newton bitmap, or just a wrapper that provided stuff to NH's existing way of displaying graphics.>Let me poke around today & possibly tomorrow; I probably have something here I can give you that will get you 80% of the way there. I'm sure an example will help...>>what're you up to these days -- still with Spyglass? >Yep. Engineering manager for the Los Gatos office now. It's fun, challenging, and really weird. I do often miss the Newton. CE doesn't suck as much as it used to... I've even written a little. I'm coding a lot more at home now, mostly in Java for amateur radio stuff. I hope to release some beta software after the holiday, all far to large to run on palmtops at this stage, but I believe things will catch up shortly. >And you?I've got some enthusiastic users, so against my better judgment, still hacking away on Newt's Cape. I've done some WinCE development (enough to stay away from it); I agree it would certainly be more exciting if there were viable handheld Java systems. basically taking some time off to figure out what to do next; and doing some half-time consulting on database and document stuff (for a pharmaceutical company). Steve